Prime Minister Narendra Modi saysm, "Earlier, the affairs of water were looked after by different ministries and departments, all were scattered. One effect of this was that the water-related schemes used to take years to complete. Now all these departments have been brought under the Ministry of Water Power.""Today, every policy, every strategy, is for the welfare of the nation from public welfare, nation-building through public campaign. Whether the poor's home and toilets are built, every household has an electricity connection, the poor get free treatment. Poor and common people are at the center of all these schemes," says PM Modi during his election rally."Today, every policy, every strategy, is for the welfare of the nation from public welfare, nation-building through public campaign. Whether the poor's home and toilets are built, every household has an electricity connection, the poor get free treatment. Poor and common people are at the center of all these schemes," says PM Modi during his election rally.Amit Shah Addresses a Public Meeting in Karad, Satara | Union Home Minister Amit Shah addresses a public meeting in Karad, Satara in Maharashtra. Earlier today he spoke at a rally in Kolhapur. He also visit the Shri Ambabai Mahalaxmi Temple there.Rahul Gandhi Addresses Rally in Latur | Rahul Gandhi addresses a campaign rally in Maharashtra's Latur. "Maharashtra has got a strong and young leadership in the form of Devendra Fadnavis.​ Fadnavis ji has led the entire Maharashtra, every citizen of Maharashtra with integrity and wholeness, worked for social harmony," says PM Modi at a campaign rally in Sakoli.Narendra Modi Addresses Rally in Sakoli | Prime Minister Narendra Modi speaks at a rally in Sakoli in Bhandara in Maharashtra while campaigning for the Maharashtra Assembly elections. Earlier in the day, he had spoken at Maharashtra's Jalgaon.Defence Minister Rajnath Singh "politely" asks Pakistan's to change the way it thinks otherwise it would be divided into several pieces.Defence Min Rajnath Singh in Haryana's Pataudi: Today with utter politeness, I want to give suggestion to Pakistan that they must change the way they think & the direction of their thinking, else Pak that was divided into two parts earlier, will now be divided into several parts. pic.twitter.com/BgZLznY8JuRahul Gandhi Reaches Nanded Airport | Congress leaders Balasaheb Thorat and Ashok Chavan welcome Rahul Gandhi at Nanded airport in Maharashtra. Gandhi is set to address three rallies for campaigning.Shiv Sena party chief Uddhav Thackeray at the Parbhani Assembly Constituency while at a campaign rally organized by Shiv Sena-BJP.शिवसेना पक्षप्रमुख मा. श्री. उद्धव साहेब ठाकरे यांनी आज परभणी विधानसभा मतदारसंघाचे शिवसेना-भाजप-रिपाइं महायुतीचे उमेदवार @MLA_RahulPatil जी यांच्या प्रचारार्थ आयोजित सभेत मार्गदर्शन केले. pic.twitter.com/Esn4O5nIaJUttar Pradesh chief minister Yogi Adityanath addresses a rally in Hingoli district of Maharashtra.उत्तरप्रदेशचे मुख्यमंत्री श्री @myogiadityanath यांची महाजनादेश संकल्प सभा, हिंगोली #MahaJanadeshSankalp #पुन्हा_आणूया_आपले_सरकार https://t.co/FkdRjGszNhWhile campaigning for the upcoming Maharashtra Assembly elections, BJP leader and Union Home Minister Amit Shah also went to offer prayers at the Shri Ambabai Mahalaxmi Temple in Kolhapur.Maharashtra: Union Home Minister Amit Shah offers prayers at Shri Ambabai Mahalaxmi Temple in Kolhapur. pic.twitter.com/nin4l0wCobHere is a visual from the launch event of BJP's Haryana Election manifesto.The BJP's Haryana manifesto calls for a risk free farming policy for the welfare of farmers.2022 तक किसानों की आय को दोगुना करने का लक्ष्य: जोखिम फ्री खेती-किसान कल्याण नीति #BJPHaryanaSankalpPatra pic.twitter.com/spzTrCFKpUGoa chief minister Pramod Sawant took to Twitter and posted pictures of a morning walk with Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis for the 'Mumbai Chali BJP ke Sang' initiative.Joined CM @Dev_Fadnavis ji for a morning walk at Marine Drive, Mumbai. Great energy and amazing response from the people. #MumbaiChaliBhaJaPaKeSaath pic.twitter.com/0Lknh9a5UYIn Maharashtra, loans worth nearly Rs 52 thousand crore were given to 4 lakh people under Mudra Yojana, 2.50 accounts were opened under Jan Dhan Yojana, electricity was provided in the houses of 15 lakh poor and 40 lakh poor women were given gas cylinders under Devendra Fadnavis' tenure, says Amit Shah in Kolhapur. "Rs 1.15 lakh crore were given to the state of Maharashtra by the Centre during the NCP-Congress Govt. Under PM Modi's regime, the state has been provided Rs 2,86,354 crore in the last five years," he added.In the last five years, the Devendra Fadnavis government has brought Maharashtra to No. 1 in Foreign Direct Investment (FDI), No. 3 in education and among the top five states in farming and industry, says Amit Shah during Kolhapur campaign.Ask NCP, Congress about their stand on Article 370, Union Home Minister Amit Shah urges.Union Home Minister Amit Shah in Kolhapur, Maharashtra: This is the first election to be held after the abrogation of Article 370.When Congress & Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) leaders come here for campaign, do ask them about their stand on Article 370. pic.twitter.com/pJJWm3J52JAmit Shah, campaigning for the Maharashtra Assemble elections in Kolhapur says, "When the Congress and NCP Govts were in power here, an irrigation scheme worth Rs 70,000 crore was announced. Not a single farmer received water, and all the money was looted by the corrupt leaders."Amit Shah Speaks at Rally in Kolhapur | "The people of India & Maharashtra gave more than 300 seats to PM Modi, and in the first session of the Parliament, he abrogated Article 370 from J&K on August 5 and mainstreamed Kashmir within the Indian Union," says Union Home Minister Amit Shah at an election rally in Maharashtra's Kolhapur.PM Modi says that farmers are being pushed to become exporters, too. "Now we are seriously trying to turn farmers into exporters as well. Food processing industries will play an important role in this. The economic situation of this entire region is going to change rapidly," he said."We are working with full capacity to fulfill the dreams of every poor person in Maharashtra and the country by 2022," says PM Narendra Modi. He further pledges to connect every house in the entire country including Maharashtra with water. "Three and a half lakh crore rupees will be spent on the Water Life Mission to fulfill this resolution," he adds.PM Modi takes a jibe at NCP chief Sharad Pawar saying,"I was shocked to see a video in which a prominent leader who has been on TV and newspapers for years got angry and hit a man with his elbow who was sitting next to him stage and while he was being garlanded he tried to put his head in the garland. Just think that the people who hits his own party member for trying to take a photo just think what will he do with general public.""When we hear about the change in the lives of the poor women here, we are satisfied. Today about 10 lakh sisters of Maharashtra are taking care of their family in their pucca house due to our government housing scheme," says PM Modi at the Jalgaon rally.Taking a swipe at the Congress-NCP alliance, Narendra Modi says, "Tired allies can be a support for each other, but cannot be a means to fulfill the dreams of Maharashtra and the aspirations of the youth here."PM Narendra Modi says at his Jalgaon rally, "Opposition here is shocked and disturbed by our work of last 5 years. Our opponents today also believe that the leadership of the BJP-Shiv Sena alliance is both working and energetic.""Today I challenge the opponents that if you have the courage, then in your election manifesto, in this election and also in the upcoming elections, declare that we will bring Article 370 back. We will change the decision of 5 August," says Prime Minister Narendra Modi.PM Modi Challenges Opposition | "From the land of Chhatrapati Shivaji, I challenge the opposition to make their stand clear and announce if they support the decision taken by the government to remove Article 35 A and Article 370."We are constantly working to return Jammu and Kashmir to a full state of normalcy and it will not take us more than 4 months to make it possible," says Narendra Modi. He adds that political parties and their leaders are speaking the same language as our neighboring country. "There seems to be great co ordination between them," he says.Prime Minister Narendra Modi says, "Today, New India is determined not to be bound by unnecessary bonds of the past. Today, the new India is strengthening its own present, is also deciding its own future. For some time now we have been constantly challenging the challenges."
